Concepts: Add docs on booleans (#340)
exercism/julia: concepts/booleans/about.md

# About

True or false values are represented by the `Bool` type.
It contains only two values: `true` and `false`.

> `Bool` is a subtype of `Integer` and acts as one and zero numerically:

Author: ```suggestion
`Bool` is a subtype of `Integer` and acts as `1` and `0` numerically:
```

> ```julia
> help?> Bool
> search: Bool enable_autocomplete_brackets BoundsError
> 
>   Bool <: Integer
> 
> 
>   Boolean type, containing the values true and false.
> 
>   Bool is a kind of number: false is numerically equal to 0 and true is numerically equal to 1. Moreover, false acts
>   as a multiplicative "strong zero":
> 
>   julia> false == 0
>   true
> 
>   julia> true == 1
>   true
> 
>   julia> 0 * NaN
>   NaN
> 
>   julia> false * NaN
>   0.0
> ```

Reviewer: Maybe it would be nice to retain the formatting of the docstring? I don't know.

You can get the markdown of a docstring with: `(@doc Bool) |> clipboard`

````suggestion
```julia
help?> Bool
```

```
Bool <: Integer
```

Boolean type, containing the values `true` and `false`.

`Bool` is a kind of number: `false` is numerically equal to `0` and `true` is numerically equal to `1`. Moreover, `false` acts as a multiplicative "strong zero":

```jldoctest
julia> false == 0
true

julia> true == 1
true

julia> 0 * NaN
NaN

julia> false * NaN
0.0
```
````

Author: Sounds good. I looked for a function to get the docstring but didn't find one, so I copied the REPL response instead. Thanks :)
